if you're really up there I need some
help okay
this is the story of an angel I'm here
in answer to your request
what now a preacher and his wife mrs.
Dudley the reverence new assistants who
sent you exactly the top man himself
that's what I call my Twitter belt
see what I can do here what they needed
was a miracle
they got him instead take your wife out
dancing can't do it
not tonight you go angry oh my
from director Penny Marshall you get out
as much as I don't know that's even less
I guess I don't have to ask if you had a
nice time we had fun
remember what that used to be Denzel
Washington but I've seen the way she
looks at you I mean really Whitney
Houston he knows it too that's the
problem so what does the Sheep say in
this plane anyway it's better to see you
laugh again it's nice to have a reason
to I want you to leave check the angel
handbook hey baby what was that it
wasn't me the preacher's wife
you
[Music]